---
title: Marktsimul 08
date: 2024-11-10 15:17:00 +0200
categories: [Markt Simul,Round 08]
tags: [Markt Simul]
render_with_liquid: false
typora-root-url: ../








---

# Round 08

## Company Dashboard

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gU8Uyuy-H48QdcmcKmf9FUHmkMDkGdsl/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

---

## Production Report

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vxOqq36BVY2epYswr62Ph4nFH3lXy5ic/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

---



## Decision Review

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WYS2uas5sn6kXtejOhgud5Oj7BMqX7em/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sQs9p85O9PUmKtbk0ZQskTzkeLYhXkZ2/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

---

## Financial Report

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1kMhJdRtk1dfOdhgGuGc4bOf5buHi2Oko/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/13Gh3cQIsJX34bunyDhUsaxox2zG5LD00/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/17lAtsu31Be8VrPxKiX45slbyE28MAExE/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

---



## R&D Report



<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RzlGEFLFEM5SSBHHi6JbJgp39dc8JZxr/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

---

## Feedback from your Coach – Firm Lynx – Period 8

You will find below a few feedback messages that have been generated by the simulation based on your firm situation.

This feedback starts with a section on your firm and continues with a section for each of your brands. The feedback messages focus mainly on your weaknesses and issues rather than on your strengths or successes. Some messages are more important than others and some messages can simply be ignored.

The simulation may hide some numbers in case you did not purchase some market studies; so do not be surprised if you see a few ‘XX’ in your messages.

The feedback messages are a nice complement to your own analysis, but certainly not a substitute. Make sure to spend a good part of your decision time to review your report and your market studies.

### Firm Lynx

- Your overall performance is fair. Your firm Lynx is ranked: #6 in share price index: #6 in volume market share; #5 in value market share; and #5 in net contribution.
- Most of your contribution after marketing is generated by LOOP (100% ). This is a high-risk situation in case competition becomes stronger in LOOP's market. It would be wise to reinforce your other brands or to launch new ones.
- Your budget for the next period is 9.9 million dollars. This is below average compared to other firms in your industry. Budgets for the next period range from 8.9 to 25.3 million dollars.

### Brand LOOP

- The feedback below is based on the assumption that LOOP is primarily targeted at segment Profs. Ignore this feedback if this is not the case.
- Profs are ranked #4 in terms of value retail sales ($175 mio). This segment is not attractive in terms of future growth (XX%).
- LOOP is ranked #3 in Profs with a share of 17.9%U.This share has increased over the past period by 8.0%U. The key competitors in this segment are: NOVA, ROCK, LOOP, LOKI
- The contribution after marketing of LOOP is below average. Read the detailed feedback below and try to increase the performance of this brand.
- LOOP is well perceived by Profs along the product dimensions of the Brand Maps and Perceptual Maps (if available). It does not seem necessary to do any R+D on this product.
- LOOP meets the expectations of Profs along the product dimensions of the Brand Maps and Perceptual Maps (if available). However, its price is lower than what Profs are expected to pay for a product meeting their needs.
- Your production plan was slightly too high (120k units). Despite the automated reduced production (96k units), your final inventory is 28k units.
- 66% of Profs are aware of LOOP.This awareness level is low compared to other offerings targeted at Profs.
- The market share of LOOP is significantly lower than its purchase intentions, especially amongst Profs (17.9% versus 22.2%). This is usually due to production and/or distribution issues. In the case of LOOP, distribution seems to be the source of the problem.

### Brand LOKI

- The feedback below is based on the assumption that LOKI is primarily targeted at segment Profs. Ignore this feedback if this is not the case.
- Profs are ranked #4 in terms of value retail sales ($175 mio). This segment is not attractive in terms of future growth (XX%).
- LOKI is ranked #4 in Profs with a share of 6.6%U.This share has increased over the past period by 4.1%U. The key competitors in this segment are: NOVA, ROCK, LOOP, LOKI
- The contribution after marketing of LOKI is below average. Read the detailed feedback below and try to increase the performance of this brand.
- LOKI is well perceived by Profs along the product dimensions of the Brand Maps and Perceptual Maps (if available). It does not seem necessary to do any R+D on this product.
- LOKI meets the expectations of Profs along the product dimensions of the Brand Maps and Perceptual Maps (if available). However, its price is lower than what Profs are expected to pay for a product meeting their needs.
- The production plan set for LOKI was adequate (35k units). You have no units in your inventory.
- 34% of Profs are aware of LOKI.This awareness level is low compared to other offerings targeted at Profs.
- The market share of LOKI is significantly lower than its purchase intentions, especially amongst Profs (6.6% versus 9.7%). This is usually due to production and/or distribution issues. In the case of LOKI, distribution seems to be the source of the problem.

### Brand LOCKSE

- The feedback below is based on the assumption that LOCKSE is primarily targeted at segment Savers. Ignore this feedback if this is not the case.
- Savers are ranked #2 in terms of value retail sales ($306 mio). This segment is very attractive in terms of future growth (XX%).
- LOCKSE is ranked #8 in Savers with a share of 0.2%U.LOCKSE has just been introduced on the market. The key competitors in this segment are: SOFT, ROVER, NOON, TONIC
- The contribution after marketing of LOCKSE is below average. Read the detailed feedback below and try to increase the performance of this brand.
- LOCKSE is not very well perceived by Savers along the product dimensions of the Brand Maps and Perceptual Maps (if available), and its physical characteristics do not fit Savers expectations. You need to initiate an R+D project on LOCKSE to improve its characteristics. The semantic scales study suggests that you focus on XXXX.
- The production plan set for LOCKSE was adequate (10k units). Your current inventory of 5 units is due to low sales. Check the rest of this feedback to try to improve your sales.
- 7% of Savers are aware of LOCKSE.This awareness level is low compared to other offerings targeted at Savers.
- LOCKSE has a low awareness and it is not likely to become one of the leading offerings targeted at Savers, as shown by its low ratio 'Purchase Intentions ÷ Awareness'. It is recommended that you fix LOCKSE's positioning before trying to achieve higher awareness levels.

---

## Industry Dashboard

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/104zDyjkHCAT-ZojrLDXBNRPc24J7hFn8/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

---

## Market Report

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1x6WCcD7VRwYh322r8_HlLjdI09IE__kJ/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

---

## Industry Benchmarking – Period 8

The benchmarking study compiles general information from annual reports about each of the Markstrat competitors. Data is provided in a common format for all companies to allow an easy comparison of competitive performance.

This market study was not purchased this period



## Distribution Panel – Sonites Market – Period 8

This market study was not purchased this period

---



## Multidimensional Scaling of Brand Similarities & Preferences 

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1VIkVnHBjwVFznFHRA_5SmPbmVU10Lzx6/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>



<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fxtB1vUjnp7HN6kGX1268DKNbwTv_CGh/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ajGTZQj7SHGA0Wfljsw8mXbCjaZEDheR/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

---

## Advertising Experiment – Sonites Market – Period 8

This market study was not purchased this period

## Commercial Team Experiment – Sonites Market – Period 8

This market study was not purchased this period

## Conjoint Analysis – Sonites Market – Period 8

This market study was not purchased this period

---



## Consumer Survey 

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/10Frtj5HiQa7bVFK7wtprZYlQHhes-bjZ/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OEFr679oSlop9N9sxycfwqcoEZJIz_YT/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1W5RQ_Hz--vBhlaU8c9fw3tDzCODOWw-z/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

---

## Semantic Scales – Sonites Market – Period 8

This market study was not purchased this period

---



## Competitive Intelligence Sonites M

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/12VyzL88iIyNL6QDE4smPnv38ulcuXN84/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>



## Market Forecast – Sonites Market – Period 8

This market study was not purchased this period



---

## Result

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1lzh46m8JTZJNuQo8J45PdRhH66xVrdgy/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>